.TH xcb_shm_create_segment 3  "libxcb 1.17.0" "X Version 11" "XCB Requests"
.ad l
.SH NAME
xcb_shm_create_segment \- Asks the server to allocate a shared memory segment.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.hy 0
.B #include <xcb/shm.h>
.SS Request function
.HP
xcb_shm_create_segment_cookie_t \fBxcb_shm_create_segment\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, xcb_shm_seg_t\ \fIshmseg\fP, uint32_t\ \fIsize\fP, uint8_t\ \fIread_only\fP);
.PP
.SS Reply datastructure
.nf
.sp
typedef struct xcb_shm_create_segment_reply_t {
    uint8_t  \fIresponse_type\fP;
    uint8_t  \fInfd\fP;
    uint16_t \fIsequence\fP;
    uint32_t \fIlength\fP;
    uint8_t  \fIpad0\fP[24];
} \fBxcb_shm_create_segment_reply_t\fP;
.fi
.SS Reply function
.HP
xcb_shm_create_segment_reply_t *\fBxcb_shm_create_segment_reply\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, xcb_shm_create_segment_cookie_t\ \fIcookie\fP, xcb_generic_error_t\ **\fIe\fP);
.br
.hy 1
.SH REQUEST ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIconn\fP 1i
The XCB connection to X11.
.IP \fIshmseg\fP 1i
A shared memory segment ID created with xcb_generate_id().
.IP \fIsize\fP 1i
The size of the segment to create.
.IP \fIread_only\fP 1i
True if the server should map the segment read-only; otherwise false.
.SH REPLY FIELDS
.IP \fIresponse_type\fP 1i
The type of this reply, in this case \fIXCB_SHM_CREATE_SEGMENT\fP. This field is also present in the \fIxcb_generic_reply_t\fP and can be used to tell replies apart from each other.
.IP \fIsequence\fP 1i
The sequence number of the last request processed by the X11 server.
.IP \fIlength\fP 1i
The length of the reply, in words (a word is 4 bytes).
.IP \fInfd\fP 1i
The number of file descriptors sent by the server.  Will always be 1.
.IP \fIshm_fd\fP 1i
TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Asks the server to allocate a shared memory segment.  The server’s reply will
include a file descriptor for the client to pass to mmap().
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns an \fIxcb_shm_create_segment_cookie_t\fP. Errors have to be handled when calling the reply function \fIxcb_shm_create_segment_reply\fP.

If you want to handle errors in the event loop instead, use \fIxcb_shm_create_segment_unchecked\fP. See \fBxcb-requests(3)\fP for details.
.SH ERRORS
This request does never generate any errors.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xcb-requests (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Generated from shm.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for corrections and improvements.
