.TH xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes 3  "libxcb 1.17.0" "X Version 11" "XCB Requests"
.ad l
.SH NAME
xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes \- Gets back buffer attributes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.hy 0
.B #include <xcb/dbe.h>
.SS Request function
.HP
xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_cookie_t \fBxcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, xcb_dbe_back_buffer_t\ \fIbuffer\fP);
.PP
.SS Reply datastructure
.nf
.sp
typedef struct xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_reply_t {
    uint8_t                     \fIresponse_type\fP;
    uint8_t                     \fIpad0\fP;
    uint16_t                    \fIsequence\fP;
    uint32_t                    \fIlength\fP;
    xcb_dbe_buffer_attributes_t \fIattributes\fP;
    uint8_t                     \fIpad1\fP[20];
} \fBxcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_reply_t\fP;
.fi
.SS Reply function
.HP
xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_reply_t *\fBxcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_reply\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_cookie_t\ \fIcookie\fP, xcb_generic_error_t\ **\fIe\fP);
.br
.hy 1
.SH REQUEST ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIconn\fP 1i
The XCB connection to X11.
.IP \fIbuffer\fP 1i
The back buffer to query.
.SH REPLY FIELDS
.IP \fIresponse_type\fP 1i
The type of this reply, in this case \fIXCB_DBE_GET_BACK_BUFFER_ATTRIBUTES\fP. This field is also present in the \fIxcb_generic_reply_t\fP and can be used to tell replies apart from each other.
.IP \fIsequence\fP 1i
The sequence number of the last request processed by the X11 server.
.IP \fIlength\fP 1i
The length of the reply, in words (a word is 4 bytes).
.IP \fIattributes\fP 1i
TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Returns the attributes of the specified \fIbuffer\fP.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns an \fIxcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_cookie_t\fP. Errors have to be handled when calling the reply function \fIxcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_reply\fP.

If you want to handle errors in the event loop instead, use \fIxcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_unchecked\fP. See \fBxcb-requests(3)\fP for details.
.SH ERRORS
This request does never generate any errors.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xcb-requests (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Generated from dbe.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for corrections and improvements.
