.TH xcb_shm_put_image 3  "libxcb 1.17.0" "X Version 11" "XCB Requests"
.ad l
.SH NAME
xcb_shm_put_image \- Copy data from the shared memory to the specified drawable.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.hy 0
.B #include <xcb/shm.h>
.SS Request function
.HP
xcb_void_cookie_t \fBxcb_shm_put_image\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, xcb_drawable_t\ \fIdrawable\fP, xcb_gcontext_t\ \fIgc\fP, uint16_t\ \fItotal_width\fP, uint16_t\ \fItotal_height\fP, uint16_t\ \fIsrc_x\fP, uint16_t\ \fIsrc_y\fP, uint16_t\ \fIsrc_width\fP, uint16_t\ \fIsrc_height\fP, int16_t\ \fIdst_x\fP, int16_t\ \fIdst_y\fP, uint8_t\ \fIdepth\fP, uint8_t\ \fIformat\fP, uint8_t\ \fIsend_event\fP, xcb_shm_seg_t\ \fIshmseg\fP, uint32_t\ \fIoffset\fP);
.br
.hy 1
.SH REQUEST ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIconn\fP 1i
The XCB connection to X11.
.IP \fIdrawable\fP 1i
The drawable to draw to.
.IP \fIgc\fP 1i
The graphics context to use.
.IP \fItotal_width\fP 1i
The total width of the source image.
.IP \fItotal_height\fP 1i
The total height of the source image.
.IP \fIsrc_x\fP 1i
The source X coordinate of the sub-image to copy.
.IP \fIsrc_y\fP 1i
The source Y coordinate of the sub-image to copy.
.IP \fIsrc_width\fP 1i
The width, in source image coordinates, of the data to copy from the source.
The X server will use this to determine the amount of data to copy.  The amount
of the destination image that is overwritten is determined automatically.
.IP \fIsrc_height\fP 1i
The height, in source image coordinates, of the data to copy from the source.
The X server will use this to determine the amount of data to copy.  The amount
of the destination image that is overwritten is determined automatically.
.IP \fIdst_x\fP 1i
The X coordinate on the destination drawable to copy to.
.IP \fIdst_y\fP 1i
The Y coordinate on the destination drawable to copy to.
.IP \fIdepth\fP 1i
The depth to use.
.IP \fIformat\fP 1i
The format of the image being drawn.  If it is XYBitmap, depth must be 1, or a
"BadMatch" error results.  The foreground pixel in the GC determines the source
for the one bits in the image, and the background pixel determines the source
for the zero bits.  For XYPixmap and ZPixmap, the depth must match the depth of
the drawable, or a "BadMatch" error results.
.IP \fIsend_event\fP 1i
True if the server should send an XCB_SHM_COMPLETION event when the blit
completes.
.IP \fIshmseg\fP 1i
TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.
.IP \fIoffset\fP 1i
The offset that the source image starts at.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Copy data from the shared memory to the specified drawable.  The amount of bytes
written to the destination image is always equal to the number of bytes read
from the shared memory segment.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns an \fIxcb_void_cookie_t\fP. Errors (if any) have to be handled in the event loop.

If you want to handle errors directly with \fIxcb_request_check\fP instead, use \fIxcb_shm_put_image_checked\fP. See \fBxcb-requests(3)\fP for details.
.SH ERRORS
This request does never generate any errors.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xcb-requests (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Generated from shm.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for corrections and improvements.
