.TH xcb_damage_create 3  "libxcb 1.17.0" "X Version 11" "XCB Requests"
.ad l
.SH NAME
xcb_damage_create \- Creates a Damage object to monitor changes to a drawable.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.hy 0
.B #include <xcb/damage.h>
.SS Request function
.HP
xcb_void_cookie_t \fBxcb_damage_create\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, xcb_damage_damage_t\ \fIdamage\fP, xcb_drawable_t\ \fIdrawable\fP, uint8_t\ \fIlevel\fP);
.br
.hy 1
.SH REQUEST ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIconn\fP 1i
The XCB connection to X11.
.IP \fIdamage\fP 1i
The ID with which you will refer to the new Damage object, created by
\fIxcb_generate_id\fP.
.IP \fIdrawable\fP 1i
The ID of the drawable to be monitored.
.IP \fIlevel\fP 1i
The level of detail to be provided in Damage events.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This creates a Damage object to monitor changes to a drawable, and specifies
the level of detail to be reported for changes.

We call changes made to pixel contents of windows and pixmaps 'damage'
throughout this extension.

Damage accumulates as drawing occurs in the drawable.  Each drawing operation
'damages' one or more rectangular areas within the drawable.  The rectangles
are guaranteed to include the set of pixels modified by each operation, but
may include significantly more than just those pixels.  The desire is for
the damage to strike a balance between the number of rectangles reported and
the extraneous area included.  A reasonable goal is for each primitive
object drawn (line, string, rectangle) to be represented as a single
rectangle and for the damage area of the operation to be the union of these
rectangles.

The DAMAGE extension allows applications to either receive the raw
rectangles as a stream of events, or to have them partially processed within
the X server to reduce the amount of data transmitted as well as reduce the
processing latency once the repaint operation has started.

The Damage object holds any accumulated damage region and reflects the
relationship between the drawable selected for damage notification and the
drawable for which damage is tracked.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns an \fIxcb_void_cookie_t\fP. Errors (if any) have to be handled in the event loop.

If you want to handle errors directly with \fIxcb_request_check\fP instead, use \fIxcb_damage_create_checked\fP. See \fBxcb-requests(3)\fP for details.
.SH ERRORS
This request does never generate any errors.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xcb-requests (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Generated from damage.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for corrections and improvements.
