.TH xcb_shm_query_version 3  "libxcb 1.17.0" "X Version 11" "XCB Requests"
.ad l
.SH NAME
xcb_shm_query_version \- Query the version of the MIT-SHM extension.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.hy 0
.B #include <xcb/shm.h>
.SS Request function
.HP
xcb_shm_query_version_cookie_t \fBxcb_shm_query_version\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, 
.PP
.SS Reply datastructure
.nf
.sp
typedef struct xcb_shm_query_version_reply_t {
    uint8_t  \fIresponse_type\fP;
    uint8_t  \fIshared_pixmaps\fP;
    uint16_t \fIsequence\fP;
    uint32_t \fIlength\fP;
    uint16_t \fImajor_version\fP;
    uint16_t \fIminor_version\fP;
    uint16_t \fIuid\fP;
    uint16_t \fIgid\fP;
    uint8_t  \fIpixmap_format\fP;
    uint8_t  \fIpad0\fP[15];
} \fBxcb_shm_query_version_reply_t\fP;
.fi
.SS Reply function
.HP
xcb_shm_query_version_reply_t *\fBxcb_shm_query_version_reply\fP(xcb_connection_t\ *\fIconn\fP, xcb_shm_query_version_cookie_t\ \fIcookie\fP, xcb_generic_error_t\ **\fIe\fP);
.br
.hy 1
.SH REQUEST ARGUMENTS
.IP \fIconn\fP 1i
The XCB connection to X11.
.SH REPLY FIELDS
.IP \fIresponse_type\fP 1i
The type of this reply, in this case \fIXCB_SHM_QUERY_VERSION\fP. This field is also present in the \fIxcb_generic_reply_t\fP and can be used to tell replies apart from each other.
.IP \fIsequence\fP 1i
The sequence number of the last request processed by the X11 server.
.IP \fIlength\fP 1i
The length of the reply, in words (a word is 4 bytes).
.IP \fIshared_pixmaps\fP 1i
True if the server supports shared pixmaps, otherwise false.
.IP \fImajor_version\fP 1i
The major version of the extension supported.
.IP \fIminor_version\fP 1i
The minor version of the extension supported.
.IP \fIuid\fP 1i
The UID of the server.
.IP \fIgid\fP 1i
The GID of the server.
.IP \fIpixmap_format\fP 1i
TODO: NOT YET DOCUMENTED.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is used to determine the version of the MIT-SHM extension supported by the
X server.  Clients MUST NOT make other requests in this extension until a reply
to this requests indicates the X server supports them.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns an \fIxcb_shm_query_version_cookie_t\fP. Errors have to be handled when calling the reply function \fIxcb_shm_query_version_reply\fP.

If you want to handle errors in the event loop instead, use \fIxcb_shm_query_version_unchecked\fP. See \fBxcb-requests(3)\fP for details.
.SH ERRORS
This request does never generate any errors.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xcb-requests (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Generated from shm.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for corrections and improvements.
