.TH xcb_damage_notify_event_t 3  "libxcb 1.17.0" "X Version 11" "XCB Events"
.ad l
.SH NAME
xcb_damage_notify_event_t \- the contents of the monitored drawable have changed
.SH SYNOPSIS
.hy 0
.B #include <xcb/damage.h>
.PP
.SS Event datastructure
.nf
.sp
typedef struct xcb_damage_notify_event_t {
    uint8_t             \fIresponse_type\fP;
    uint8_t             \fIlevel\fP;
    uint16_t            \fIsequence\fP;
    xcb_drawable_t      \fIdrawable\fP;
    xcb_damage_damage_t \fIdamage\fP;
    xcb_timestamp_t     \fItimestamp\fP;
    xcb_rectangle_t     \fIarea\fP;
    xcb_rectangle_t     \fIgeometry\fP;
} \fBxcb_damage_notify_event_t\fP;
.fi
.br
.hy 1
.SH EVENT FIELDS
.IP \fIresponse_type\fP 1i
The type of this event, in this case \fIXCB_DAMAGE_NOTIFY\fP. This field is also present in the \fIxcb_generic_event_t\fP and can be used to tell events apart from each other.
.IP \fIsequence\fP 1i
The sequence number of the last request processed by the X11 server.
.IP \fIlevel\fP 1i
The level of the damage being reported.
If the 0x80 bit is set, indicates there are subsequent Damage events
being delivered immediately as part of a larger Damage region.
.IP \fIdrawable\fP 1i
The drawable for which damage is being reported.
.IP \fIdamage\fP 1i
The Damage object being used to track the damage.
.IP \fItimestamp\fP 1i
Time when the event was generated (in milliseconds).
.IP \fIarea\fP 1i
Damaged area of the drawable.
.IP \fIgeometry\fP 1i
Total area of the drawable.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xcb_generic_event_t (3),
.BR xcb_create (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Generated from damage.xml. Contact xcb@lists.freedesktop.org for corrections and improvements.
